it was first written so see how this
goes
mirrored goes on a date with Brittany
more like all good stories this one
starts with our hero week ago it was
mirrors 30th birthday and he still
hadn't brought a girl home for Mama he
also wanted to have a girl for himself
so things needed to change mirrored
thought to himself
alright if I'm to get a girl I'm gonna
have to dress to impress he got his
bottle of forehead oil will put on his
lucky unwashed suit and his obnoxious
line of Christmas lights ready to go oh
wait I need a time bomb I can't decide
with my 10 favorite ready to go Mira
turned on his webcam as he was still
going strong in his attempts to get the
world record for the biggest asking neck
beard which redirected him the
speedrunslive scrolling down he found
Brittany Morris Street everything I look
for in a girl play Zelda like Cosmo has
light hair like Cosmo has painted nails
like Cosmo and isn't an attractive
female like Cosmo merit without a
lustful sigh as the tip of his dick
rubbed against his hard crusty jizz
laced formal briefs he would stop at
nothing to achieve her feeling
flirtatious he decided to go into her
twitch ad hi welcome to the Zelda seat
on the community chronic ease face I'm
Mary and I am a top ranked speedrunner
the legend of zelda windwaker Nintendo
GameCube what's your name
mirrored repeated this line in his head
over and over but just couldn't gather
the courage to post it just as he was
ready to leave his body put a picture of
a sexy anime girl Brittany saw this come
did whoa is that a bot whoever made that
must be a genius
feeling more confident mirrored stepped
in yeah I made that it's ten lines of
coal draw mirc code brittany smooth and
things would set to heat up from here by
which I mean mirrored
wants to stop she agrees great wait
where the fuck no that's great yeah
great I already know your Skype and
Facebook information you should add me
we started calling breathing it to their
mics without saying
finally comments nice form I see you've
been studying my breathing tutorial yes
if only we lives closer I'd love to
breathe heavily on your dick radical I
already know where you live
I'll be there shortly beard hopped in
the burn CD of Brittany's breathing for
the drive over I just took his first
step out the door crushing his shot at
the biggest ass P 9 3 and there he took
his first step out of the door crushing
his shot at the biggest ass P neckbeard
world record after crying for only 20
minutes he realized he could only redeem
himself by becoming the best pussy
licker of all time mirrored buckle in
his booster the seat at the back seat of
mom's van and they drove off Britney's
naked dad and Charlotte up flaccid dick
swinging in the breeze nothing but
Christmas lights
Britney's dad's room they Shane's
greetings and masturbation is like nice
he finally finds Britney vibrates slowly
up and down into an erection effectively
recreating the zombie hover he was so
excited for glory it was four inches out
they made as here its first sexual
encounter this inside the excited him so
much that the dried semen glued to his
urethra that glued is urethra shot for
over 20 years finally broke away waking
out chunks of dead sperm cells onto her
blood-stained pubes they clearly wanted
to fuck but it seemed awkward
considering Aaron's mom was in the room
with them exclaimed as Drake once said
you only live once that's the motto
nigga Yolo
let's do this y'all merde let me show
you my real power counter shadow
mirrored stepped up to the plate anxious
as hell his palms were sweaty knees weak
and arms were heavy because he put that
in there as well
merde busted out the metronome and timed
his thrusts while they fucked following
his own instructions Britney went over
to him I'm not done with you yet
Sonic win as she stuck to her word and
breathed heavily onto his day permanent
marks as he was never going to wash that
Britney wanted another fuck but mirrored
was to talk it out he needed to use the
tingle tuner for this job he handed the
Game Boy Advance to his mom and shoved
the link behind the curtains Britney
fumble through a forest of pubes to
reveal the identity of chose questions
and loved house season 6 she tried for
about 10 minutes to get it in Mira's ass
and as she's known to be horribly
Britney pounded the mirrors last while
he went down at his mom showing the
world that he can lick pussy like a
chance it was just about ready to come
hold on let me finish by reducing my
collision radius by interacting with
your chest he ripped his limp dick stuck
to his puke that held together by come
just in time to let loose load of this
he cried as he pissed all over your
giant pancake nipples to his small
wrinkly breasts where it would vanish
into his chest hairs he couldn't stop it
there was piss flying everywhere he
couldn't stop because its urethra had
been welded shut for 20 years there was
a lot to let out the dander from Britney
Scotch was now soaked as it's super slam
to the floor
consisting of mirrors urine as their eye
sockets were filling with spurts of
urine sporadically
ten minutes later the mess finally ended
mirrored what the look Britney dead in
the eye and said I have scattered the
seeds of the future they wash ashore
with all the piss flooded back they wash
ashore is all the piss flooded room and
the entire city
this is just like the ending of Wind
Waker sigh if only Cosmo were
speedrunning my life instead of that
game mirrored whispered no time for
games
take this yelled knuckles mirrored ran
his fingers through his rapidly receding
hairline and shyly said I guess this is
goodbye
he jot the shit out of it awkwardly ran
off never to look back
this is the last mirrored woodsy of his
mom as she would remain there playing
farmville for the rest of eternity and
then they went to bed
the end oh nice nice job do those
amazing 660 people I was pretty good I
cried a little bit because I laugh too
much